things I find annoying

im annoyed that the person is so superficial, because I dislike waste

im annoyed that people reject things they don't know about

I'm annoyed at unwarranted arrogance

I'm annoyed that everyone is in a conversation and I'm not

I'm annoyed that the conversation died inharmoniously

I'm annoyed that they avoid me

I'm annoyed that I see people on Relationships and I feel envious about it

I'm annoyed that bad interactions ruin my mood

I feel bad that I'm not contributing to the conversations

I'm annoyed that people suggest coarse-grained actions to people that have issues

I feel inadequate everytime that I want to approach someone but I don't

I feel anxious when I think people are avoiding me

I worry that if I stop doing what is expected of me people will abandon me

I am annoyed at the dog barking 

I feel pressure to talk to others but I fear being ridiculed/ridiculous

I find it strange and confusing that people usually talk about wanting to get friends but they act avoidant and avoid eye contact

It annoys me that people don't reciprocate good emotions when I have them

I am anxious that I haven't figured out how to talk to people yet

I am annoyed that I think of ways to talk to people all the time

I am annoyed that the bus didn't stop for me when I was on the bus station

I am annoyed that my teacher pointed me concepts that I already know.
I am afraid I am then relearning old concepts instead of focusing on what I really don't know therefore not improving my grades.

I am annoyed that I don't understand by which standards I am graded with

I am annoyed that I forget to point out these issues to whoever I'm having trouble with

I am annoyed that I wasn't told there was a change plan and that's the reason I missed a class

I am annoyed that people expect me to express myself perfectly

I am annoyed that I have to wait so much in the line

I am anxious that my father told me he had news but I don't know if it's bad news... and I think they are, edit: gladly they weren't....

I am anxious around people with bad mood, I feel I annoy them

I feel uncomfortable around people that are too nice, I feel they are after something and I just don't know it yet

Couples remind me of things I don't have and lack and that makes me feel sad, I don't want to be sad about those things

I feel shame in not feeling enjoyment with just alone dancing

When I want to act, I paralize and do nothing. Sometimes that isn't appropriate.

I hate fake curiosity

If I talk to you and I feel ignored, I'll eject the conversation. I don't insist, and I lose interest in connecting

I don't know how to start interactions in loud music environments.

I'm annoyed that I forgot about this list

I'm worried about my relationships with others

I don't know what I want from people

I hate people that waste my things

I hate that people can be such gigantic bitches

I don't like when people repeat things they don't understand

It's hard for me to create conversation threads.

It's hard for me to know where the line is.

I am annoyed at the sunlight
I hate insisting

I feel like I don't know what I want when I'm on a bar

I am annoyed that some people don't let me fail

I am afraid to greet new people in places where I am not used to, I fear that they will act snobby towards me

I hate that I feel like an idiot around people, it offends me, their non- straightforwardness offends me, and I can't act around it without revealing my insecurities!


When people confide something important for them to me, yet I remain expressionless/paralized because you I am not sure what to do, or what the right thing to do is/fear, and people take it as the deepest form of rejection feeling offended leaving me feeling constantly guilty even though I don't know what I did wrong.
It makes me feel like I'm not cut out for friends, I just betray people by just existing.

I hate when people seem uncomfortable in the negative way around me.

when you ask me what's wrong around people I don't trust.

when two people choose to leave you out of a conversation by speaking the same language

I find it annoying to ask for numbers that go nowhere.. feels like a waste of time and effort.

I don't like to focus on results that are out of my control!

she leads the way <- irrelevant
she seems impatient
I can't convince her to do things
she may say things but too softly I can't hear them and she doesn't want to repeat them
no eye-contact
moments where conversation is dead

when someone is sharing something but leaves me out of it, AND I SAY NOTHING ABOUT IT 


when I ask someone something I find interesting, and they don't seem interested in telling me what happened

when people ask me something and I think about the answer but they don't want to wait to hear the reply if it's not instant, and I feel dumb

soll ich kalt oder warm sein?
when I don't know if I should be friendly or unfriendly, if I'm too demanding or caring, or careless, do I write too much, do I write too little. Do you think I'm an asshole? I wish I had your judgement. I just try to do what everyone does, as people have told me to act normal, and if I'm at asshole it's because I have learned it from someone else, that's how people treat me, and I should be ok with it, isn't that right?
I feel everyone ignores me, is then everyone an asshole? that can't be right, then if I ignore you, if I don't text you back, if I don't ask how you're doing, how can I be the asshole if I do exactly what everyone else does, should I treat others how I want to be treated? Most people don't want me to treat them how I want to be treated from them, they get angry, upset, and honestly it's confusing. I feel most people don't mind that I exist but they don't want to be close to me and I don't understand why.

Sometimes I just want to confront them and say, Hi, I want to have faith that you enjoy spending time with me but it looks to me that you don't want to be friends, is my perception right? I wouldn't want to bother you if you want to be left alone.

when people don't understand the worth of things.

rejection. Dealing after it. Like I know people will reject me, but it still makes me unsure to say, well, I don't want anything with you besides that. That means I lack boundaries.
